attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
beartype                  0.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blas                      1.0                         mkl    conda-forge
braceexpand               0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0            py39hf88036b_3    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.5               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.6.15            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.4               h3394656_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.6.15          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1           py39h15c3d72_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cpython                   3.9.23           py39hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cuda-cudart               12.1.105                      0    nvidia
cuda-cupti                12.1.105                      0    nvidia
cuda-libraries            12.1.0                        0    nvidia
cuda-nvrtc                12.1.105                      0    nvidia
cuda-nvtx                 12.1.105                      0    nvidia
cuda-opencl               12.9.19                       0    nvidia
cuda-runtime              12.1.0                        0    nvidia
cuda-version              12.9                          3    nvidia
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
cyrus-sasl                2.1.28               hd9c7081_0    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.16.2               h3c4dab8_0    conda-forge
decord                    0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
double-conversion         3.3.1                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
einops                    0.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    7.1.1           gpl_hceff1ee_706    conda-forge
filelock                  3.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h7e30c49_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.59.0                   pypi_0    pypi
freeglut                  3.2.2                ha6d2627_3    conda-forge
freetype                  2.13.3               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.12              hb9ae30d_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.24.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.24.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                hac33072_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.2.1            py39h7196dd7_0    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.7.9                hb077bed_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  11.2.1               h3beb420_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.6          nompi_h2d575fe_101    conda-forge
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
imageio                   2.37.0                   pypi_0    pypi
imath                     3.1.12               h7955e40_0    conda-forge
importlib-resources       6.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jasper                    4.2.5                h1920b20_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7                    pypi_0    pypi
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h717163a_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h1423503_5    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h0aef613_1    conda-forge
level-zero                1.22.5               h84d6215_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20250127.1      cxx17_hbbce691_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.4                h3f801dc_0    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.24.1               h8e693c7_0    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.24.1               h8e693c7_0    conda-forge
libass                    0.17.3               h52826cd_2    conda-forge
libavif16                 1.3.0                h766b0b6_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libcap                    2.75                 h39aace5_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libclang-cpp20.1          20.1.7          default_h1df26ce_0    conda-forge
libclang13                20.1.7          default_he06ed0a_0    conda-forge
libcublas                 12.1.0.26                     0    nvidia
libcufft                  11.0.2.4                      0    nvidia
libcufile                 1.14.1.1                      4    nvidia
libcups                   2.3.3                hb8b1518_5    conda-forge
libcurand                 10.3.10.19                    0    nvidia
libcurl                   8.14.1               h332b0f4_0    conda-forge
libcusolver               11.4.4.55                     0    nvidia
libcusparse               12.0.2.55                     0    nvidia
libdeflate                1.24                 h86f0d12_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.125              hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libegl                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.0                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h2dba641_1    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libfreetype               2.13.3               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
libfreetype6              2.13.3               h48d6fc4_1    conda-forge
libgcc                    15.1.0               h767d61c_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 15.1.0               h69a702a_2    conda-forge
libgcrypt-lib             1.11.1               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.24.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.24.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libgfortran               15.1.0               h69a702a_2    conda-forge
libgfortran5              15.1.0               hcea5267_2    conda-forge
libgl                     1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglib                   2.84.2               h3618099_0    conda-forge
libglu                    9.0.3                h5888daf_1    conda-forge
libglvnd                  1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglx                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libgomp                   15.1.0               h767d61c_2    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.55                 h3f2d84a_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.11.2          default_h0d58e46_1001    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 h4ce23a2_1    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.8                ha4ef2c3_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libllvm20                 20.1.7               he9d0ab4_0    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h161d5f1_0    conda-forge
libnpp                    12.0.2.50                     0    nvidia
libnsl                    2.0.1                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
libntlm                   1.8                  hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libnvjitlink              12.1.105                      0    nvidia
libnvjpeg                 12.1.1.14                     0    nvidia
libogg                    1.3.5                hd0c01bc_1    conda-forge
libopencv                 4.11.0          qt6_py39h8df4609_608    conda-forge
libopengl                 1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libopenvino               2025.0.0             hdc3f47d_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-batch-plugin 2025.0.0             h4d9b6c2_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-plugin   2025.0.0             h4d9b6c2_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-hetero-plugin 2025.0.0             h981d57b_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-cpu-plugin 2025.0.0             hdc3f47d_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-gpu-plugin 2025.0.0             hdc3f47d_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-npu-plugin 2025.0.0             hdc3f47d_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-ir-frontend   2025.0.0             h981d57b_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-onnx-frontend 2025.0.0             h0e684df_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-paddle-frontend 2025.0.0             h0e684df_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-pytorch-frontend 2025.0.0             h5888daf_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-frontend 2025.0.0             h684f15b_3    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-lite-frontend 2025.0.0             h5888daf_3    conda-forge
libopus                   1.5.2                hd0c01bc_0    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.49               h943b412_0    conda-forge
libpq                     17.5                 h27ae623_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               5.29.3               h501fc15_1    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.58.4               he92a37e_3    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.2                hc60ed4a_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.50.1               h6cd9bfd_6    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               hcf80075_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 15.1.0               h8f9b012_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              15.1.0               h4852527_2    conda-forge
libsystemd0               257.6                h4e0b6ca_0    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.20.0               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hf01ce69_5    conda-forge
libudev1                  257.6                hbe16f8c_0    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libunwind                 1.6.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
liburing                  2.10                 h84d6215_0    conda-forge
libusb                    1.0.29               h73b1eb8_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libva                     2.22.0               h4f16b4b_2    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.14.1               hac33072_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h851e524_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.10.0               h65c71a3_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.8               h4bc477f_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               15.0.7               h0cdce71_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.10.0               h5888daf_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2            py39h9399b63_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
mkl                       2022.2.1         h84fe81f_16997    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                h24ddda3_1    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h90cbb55_3    conda-forge
mpg123                    1.32.9               hc50e24c_0    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_3    conda-forge
nettle                    3.9.1                h7ab15ed_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4           py39h474f0d3_0    conda-forge
ocl-icd                   2.3.3                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
opencl-headers            2025.06.13           h5888daf_0    conda-forge
opencv                    4.11.0          qt6_py39hc53b5ba_608    conda-forge
openexr                   3.3.4                h2cd1444_0    conda-forge
openh264                  2.6.0                hc22cd8d_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h5fbd93e_0    conda-forge
openldap                  2.6.10               he970967_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.0                h7b32b05_1    conda-forge
p11-kit                   0.24.1               hc5aa10d_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.3.0            py39h3b40f6f_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.56.3               h9ac818e_1    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.45                hc749103_0    conda-forge
pillow                    11.2.1           py39h15c0740_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.1.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.46.2               h29eaf8c_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
pugixml                   1.15                 h3f63f65_0    conda-forge
pulseaudio-client         17.0                 hac146a9_1    conda-forge
py-opencv                 4.11.0          qt6_py39ha598827_608    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
python                    3.9.23          hc30ae73_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      7_cp39    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.4.0           py3.9_cuda12.1_cudnn9.1.0_0    pytorch
pytorch-cuda              12.1                 ha16c6d3_6    pytorch
pytorch-mutex             1.0                        cuda    pytorch
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2            py39h9399b63_2    conda-forge
qt6-main                  6.9.1                h0384650_0    conda-forge
rav1e                     0.7.1                h8fae777_3    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8c095d6_2    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sdl2                      2.32.54              h3f2d84a_0    conda-forge
sdl3                      3.2.16               he3e324a_0    conda-forge
setuptools                80.9.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                h8bd8927_1    conda-forge
submitit                  1.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   3.0.2                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.14.0           pyh2585a3b_105    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.13.0            hceb3a55_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_hd72426e_102    conda-forge
torchtriton               3.0.0                      py39    pytorch
torchvision               0.19.0               py39_cu121    pytorch
tqdm                      4.67.1                   pypi_0    pypi
typing_extensions         4.14.0             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
vjepa                     0.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wayland                   1.23.1               h3e06ad9_1    conda-forge
wayland-protocols         1.45                 hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  h924138e_3    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.1                h4f16b4b_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-cursor           0.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.1                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.10               hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.2                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.45                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.6                he73a12e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.12               h4f16b4b_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxcomposite        0.4.6                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxcursor           1.2.3                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdamage           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.8.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxscrnsaver        1.2.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
xorg-libxxf86vm           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.23.0                   pypi_0    pypi
zstandard                 0.23.0           py39h8cd3c5a_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                hb8e6e7a_2    conda-forge
